{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green200\blue201;\red26\green28\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c82353\c82745;\cssrgb\c13333\c14510\c16078;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This READ.ME describes the content of the GitHub repo shared between Dr. Camille Testard and Dr. Alba Motes-Rodrigo. Dr. Greg Albery is our newest additio\
\
First we will describe the data sharing policy of the data included in the study \'93A natural disaster exacerbates and redistributes disease risk among free-ranging macaques by altering social structure \'94 published in Ecology Letters in 2024 by Motes-Rodrigo, Albery et. al. \
\
1. The full dataset for the Cayo Santiago project can be found within the CBRU database and requests should be made to Dr. Lauren Brent at Exeter University if you are interested in using this data for other purposes than checking the results of our present study. \
\
2. If you do use this data for other purposes, please state the following text regarding CPRC funding in your acknowledgment: \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The CPRC is supported by the National Institutes of Health. An Animal\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 and Biological Material Resource Center Grant [P40OD012217] was awarded to the UPR from the Office of Research Infrastructure Programs, National Institutes of Health (ORIP). A Research Facilities Construction Grant [C06OD026690].\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
DATA FOLDER\
\

\f1\b \ul Data All Cleaned: 
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
Contains the raw cleaned data from Cayo Santiago macaques across years and groups. This data should remain confidential and cannot be shared before prior approval from the CBRU.\
\
The data from each group & year 
\f2\i *apart from 2018 (post-hurricane year)* 
\f0\i0 is contained in 
\f1\b BehavioralDataFiles
\f0\b0  and is divided into 2 data files:\
1. GroupByYear: meta data file with IDs, their sex, age & rank and observation effort\
2. ProximityGroups: proximity edge list from scans (3 per focal follows)\
\
2018 data for groups V and F are contained in a separate file called \'93GroupV [or KK] 2018_scansamples_FULL_CLEANED\'94. \
\

\f1\b Dominance
\f0\b0  contains the dominance information\
}